README.md, before:

# Timelink source file repository

This directory contains source files in kleio notation collected in the scope of the Timelink/MHK project.

## What is Timelink?

Timelink, formerly known as MHK (Micro History with Kleio) is an information system designed for processing person related information collected from historical sources. 

Timelink provides:

* a notation (kleio) for textual transcription of historical sources, capable of capturing complex information about people and their relations in any type of historical documents.
* a text processor that extracts information from the kleio transcriptions, infers personal attributes and relations from agent roles in historical events and generates data in formats suitable for database import.
* a database management system capable of processing time varying attributes and relations, assist in reconstructing biographies and networks from fragmentary information.

Timelink is open source MIT License software available at http://github.com/joaquimrcarvalho/timelink

## Sources included in this repository

Esta directoria contém registos paroquiais e outras fontes relativas à paróquia de Soure, diocese de Coimbra, Portugal, entre  1680 e 1732. 

As fontes incluídas na directoria soure_fase1 foram recolhidas por Joaquim Ramos de Carvalho como parte da investigação conducente à dissertação de doutoramento _Comportamentos Morais e Estruturas Sociais numa paróquia de Antigo Regime (Soure, 1680-1720)_. Universidade de Coimbra, 1997 e foram a primeira aplicação da abordagem que mais tarde deu origem ao Timelink. 

As fontes incluídas em soure_fase2, correspondem ao período 1721-1735 e foram recolhidas por Fernando José Gouveia Pais no âmbito da dissertação de Mestrado intitulada _Reconstituição de uma comunidade histórica: Soure 1685/1735_, Universidade de Coimbra, 2010.

A maior parte das fontes são registos paroquiais, mas na fase 1 existe um conjunto variado de fontes, incluindo documentos da Misericórdia de Soure, visitas pastorais, livros notariais e outras. Na fase 2 apenas foram recolhidos registos paroquiais.

O formato das fontes da fase1 é por vezes diferente dos atualmente usados, uma vez que a recolha foi feita numa fase muito inicial de criação do sistema. 

## License

Timelink link software is distributed under a MIT license that includes usage for commercial purposes. 

Kleio transcriptions of historical sources are not distributed under the same license. 


Each Kleio transcription file is copyright of the person or persons that produced the transcription.

(c) Universidade de Coimbra, Joaquim Ramos de Carvalho e Fernando Gouveia Pais.

_Files in this repository are covered by the Creative Commons 
Attribution-NonCommmercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International_

[![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

Adiciona clarificação sobre este clone

README.md, after:

# Timelink source file repository

This directory contains source files in kleio notation collected in the scope of the Timelink/MHK project.

## What is Timelink?

Timelink, formerly known as MHK (Micro History with Kleio) is an information system designed for processing person related information collected from historical sources. 

Timelink provides:

* a notation (kleio) for textual transcription of historical sources, capable of capturing complex information about people and their relations in any type of historical documents.
* a text processor that extracts information from the kleio transcriptions, infers personal attributes and relations from agent roles in historical events and generates data in formats suitable for database import.
* a database management system capable of processing time varying attributes and relations, assist in reconstructing biographies and networks from fragmentary information.

Timelink is open source MIT License software available at http://github.com/joaquimrcarvalho/timelink

## Sources included in this repository

Esta directoria contém registos paroquiais e outras fontes relativas à paróquia de Soure, diocese de Coimbra, Portugal, entre  1680 e 1732. 

As fontes incluídas na directoria soure_fase1 foram recolhidas por Joaquim Ramos de Carvalho como parte da investigação conducente à dissertação de doutoramento _Comportamentos Morais e Estruturas Sociais numa paróquia de Antigo Regime (Soure, 1680-1720)_. Universidade de Coimbra, 1997 e foram a primeira aplicação da abordagem que mais tarde deu origem ao Timelink. 

As fontes incluídas em soure_fase2, correspondem ao período 1721-1735 e foram recolhidas por Fernando José Gouveia Pais no âmbito da dissertação de Mestrado intitulada _Reconstituição de uma comunidade histórica: Soure 1685/1735_, Universidade de Coimbra, 2010.

A maior parte das fontes são registos paroquiais, mas na fase 1 existe um conjunto variado de fontes, incluindo documentos da Misericórdia de Soure, visitas pastorais, livros notariais e outras. Na fase 2 apenas foram recolhidos registos paroquiais.

O formato das fontes da fase1 é por vezes diferente dos atualmente usados, uma vez que a recolha foi feita numa fase muito inicial de criação do sistema. 

## About this clone

This repostiory is cloned for testing purposes under github user margaridafg.

## License

Timelink link software is distributed under a MIT license that includes usage for commercial purposes. 

Kleio transcriptions of historical sources are not distributed under the same license. 


Each Kleio transcription file is copyright of the person or persons that produced the transcription.

(c) Universidade de Coimbra, Joaquim Ramos de Carvalho e Fernando Gouveia Pais.

_Files in this repository are covered by the Creative Commons 
Attribution-NonCommmercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International_

[![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)
